#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.7.22
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.2.0
    # via requests
click==8.1.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nltk
filelock==3.12.4
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
fsspec==2023.9.2
    # via huggingface-hub
huggingface-hub==0.20.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.4
    # via requests
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   scikit-learn
lxml==4.9.3
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via jinja2
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
networkx==3.1
    # via torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
numpy==1.26.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytesseract
    #   transformers
pdf2image==1.17.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==10.3.0
    # via
    #   pdf2image
    #   pytesseract
    #   torchvision
pypandoc==1.13
    # via -r requirements.in
pytesseract==0.3.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
regex==2023.8.8
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
safetensors==0.3.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.3.1
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.11.3
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==2.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via sentence-transformers
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tokenizers==0.15.0
    # via transformers
torch==2.0.1
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
torchvision==0.15.2
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   nltk
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.36.0
    # via sentence-transformers
typing-extensions==4.8.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
urllib3==2.0.7
    # via requests
